# Highlights:
- This is a Hangman game in Python that utilizes while and for loops as well as if-else statements. The objective of the game is for the user to guess a randomly selected word from a list of words. The user is given a limited number of attempts to guess the word, and with each incorrect guess, a hangman figure is displayed. If the user exhausts all attempts, they lose the game and the hangman figure is completely displayed.
- A random word is then selected from the list, and the number of attempts is set to 7. A countdown timer for 30 seconds is also initiated. The user is prompted to input a letter to guess the word. The program checks if the letter is present in the random word. If it is, the program displays "Nice Job! You got it!" and prints the correctly guessed letters of the word. If the letter is not present in the word, the program displays "Awch! You got it wrong. There are no [guess] in the random word. [failure_count] turn(s) left." and the corresponding hangman figure.
- The loop continues until either the user has guessed the entire word, the user has exhausted all attempts, or the countdown timer has elapsed. If the user guesses the entire word, the program displays "Congratulations! You successfully guessed the random word: [random_word]." If the user exhausts all attempts, the program displays "Sorry! You failed to guess the random word. You have been hanged! GAME OVER!" If the countdown timer elapses, the program displays "Time's up! Game over! Better luck next time. You have been hanged!"
- Finally, there is a separate block of code that demonstrates a simple countdown timer that counts down from 30 seconds to 0.
